When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love...
Either you run the day or the day runs you.  Jim rohn
mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!  David dweck
you've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.  George lorimer
be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne dyer
your monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier and healthier life.  Germany kent
you dont have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.  Zig ziglar
each morning when i open my eyes i say to myself: i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasnt arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and im going to be happy in it.  Groucho marx
life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.  Ashley smith
when you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldnt matter whether it is monday or friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions.  Edmond mbiaka
monday motivation quote by albert einstein
a ship is always safe at shore but that is not what its built for.  Albert einstein
stress is caused by being here' but wanting to be there. '  eckhart tolle
people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.  Dale carnegie
your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.  Zig ziglar
you may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.  Margaret thatcher
if you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.  Jim rohn
try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.  Albert einstein
morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.  Lemony snicket
just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.  Dalai lama
think of many things; do one.  Portuguese proverb
one of the best pieces of advice i ever got was from a horse master. He told me to go slow to go fast. I think that applies to everything in life. We live as though there aren't enough hours in the day but if we do each thing calmly and carefully we will get it done quicker and with much less stress.  Viggo mortensen
don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.  John r. Wooden
success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.  Zig ziglar
the starting point of all achievement is desire. Napoleon hill
i was thinking one day and i realized that if i just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me i could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so i just became that person for myself. Unknown
if you dont pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves.  David allen
spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.  Brian tracy
keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. Charles f. Kettering
shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.  Brian littrell
whether you think you can or think you cant, youre right.  Henry ford
the successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.  Bruce lee
the only thing worse than starting something and failing ... Is not starting something.  Seth godin
do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.  Richard branson
for fast-acting relief, try slowing down.   Lily tomlin
there is more to life than increasing its speed.  Mahatma gandhi
it is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.  Bruce lee
if i had eight hours to chop down a tree, id spend six hours sharpening my ax.  Abraham lincoln
keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.  Mark twain
we can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterdays burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it.  John newton
if you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it.  Olin miller
winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.  Brian tracy
follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.  Peter drucker
don't mistake activity with achievement.  John wooden
one of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.  Bertrand russell
ive missed more than 9000 shots in my career. Ive lost almost 300 games. 26 times, ive been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. Ive failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why i succeed. Michael jordan
start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.  Arthur ashe
show me a person who has never made a mistake and i'll show you someone who has never achieved much.  Joan collins
if you treat every situation as a life and death matter, youll die a lot of times.  Dean smith
amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work. Stephen king
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one.  Mark twain
things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.  Abraham lincoln
people who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Tony robbins
i attribute my success to this: i never gave or took any excuse.  Florence nightingale
take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.  Napoleon bonaparte
there is no traffic jam along the extra mile.  Roger staubach
motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.  Stephen r. Covey
success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.  Maya angelou
only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.  Pablo picasso
there are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. Ray goforth
everything you want is on the other side of fear.  Jack canfield
life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.  Dennis p. Kimbro
you are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.  C. S. Lewis
if you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  teach yourself to be impatient.  Gurbaksh chahal
the truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. M. Scott peck
for most of life, nothing wonderful happens. If you dont enjoy getting up and working and finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends, then the chances are youre not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job, huge amounts of money, a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to paris, that person isnt going to be happy much of the time.
If, on the other hand, happiness depends on a good breakfast, flowers in the yard, a drink or a nap, then we are more likely to live with quite a bit of happiness.  Andy rooney
love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.  Lucille ball
we become what we think about.  Earl nightingale
i don't want to get to the end of my life and find that i lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.  Diane ackerman
new beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.  Lao tzu
the universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.  Marcus aurelius
for success, attitude is equally as important as ability.  Harry f. Banks
optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.  Mary lou retton
dont wait. The time will never be just right.  Napoleon hill
it does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.  Confucius
life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.  Unknown
failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.  Og mandino
when we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure.  Peter marshall
what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.  Henry david thoreau
ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.  Samuel beckett
success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they dont quit.  Conrad hilton
life begins at the end of your comfort zone.  Neale donald walsh
when a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.  Ralph waldo emerson
what seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.  Oscar wilde
i find that the harder i work, the more luck i seem to have.  Thomas jefferson
aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism.  David m. Burns
if opportunity doesnt knock, build a door.  Milton berle
you can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.  Deepak chopra
dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks.  Elbert hubbard
the past has no power over the present moment.  Eckhart tolle
the best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others.  Unknown
if you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.  Les brown
success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.  Orison swett marden
never limit yourself because of others limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination.  Mae jemison
when i'm old and dying, i plan to look back on my life and say, wow, that was an adventure, ' not, wow, i sure felt safe. '  tom preston-werner
our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.  Francis chan
nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent.  Calvin coolidge
it takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.  Robert h. Schuller
when we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.  Paulo coelho
twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.  Mark twain
a year from now you may wish you had started today.  Karen lamb
to laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... To leave the world a better place... To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.  Ralph waldo emerson
dont brood. Get on with living and loving. You dont have forever.  Leo buscaglia
live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow.  Jerry spinelli
whenever you feel uncomfortable, instead of retreating back into your old comfort zone, pat yourself on the back and say, i must be growing, and continue moving forward.  T. Harv eker
i have learned over the years that when ones mind is made up, this diminishes fear.  Rosa parks
build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.  Farrah gray
its not the days in your life, but the life in your days that counts.  Brian white
make this a happy monday by spreading the things that make other peoples lives happier. Such a listening ear, a kind word when they are having a tough day and maybe some practical help if someone needs it. Their happiness will flow back to you.  Eloise green
whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.  Vaibhav shah
you can do anything, but not everything.  David allen
you cant use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.  Maya angelou
someday is not a day of the week.  Denise brennan-nelson
developing a good work ethic is key. Apply yourself at whatever you do, whether youre a janitor or taking your first summer job because that work ethic will be reflected in everything you do in life.  Tyler perry
success is to wake up each morning and consciously decide that today will be the best day of your life.  Ken poirot
no matter what, people grow. If you choose not to grow, youre staying in a small box with a small mindset. People who win go outside of that box. Its very simple when you look at it.  Kevin hart
always do your best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.  Don miguel ruiz
i am always doing that which i cannot do, in order that i may learn how to do it.  Pablo picasso
dont let yesterday take up too much of today.  Will rogers
so often people are working hard at the wrong thing. Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard.  Caterina fake
you can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.  Shonda rhimes
if you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.  Steve jobs
the tragedy in life doesnt lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.  Benjamin mays
without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.  Benjamin franklin
don't count the days, make the days count.  Muhammad ali
you miss 100% of the shots you dont take.  Wayne gretzky
doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.  Suzy kassem
life is a fairytale starring you. You have the power to write your own story and be the hero of it, too.  Joelle speranza
the worst monday is the one that gets wasted with nothing to show for it.  Unknown
dont think about what can happen in a month. Dont think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be.  Eric thomas
if not us, who? If not now, when?  John f. Kennedy
the number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.  Napoleon hill
attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.  Roy t. Bennett
success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in, and day-out.  Robert collier
you do not find the happy life. You make it.  Camilla eyring kimball
this is your monday morning reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws at you. Youve done it many times before and you can do it again.  Rip miller
hey, i know it's monday. But it's also a new day and a new week. And in that lies a new opportunity for something special to happen.  Michael ely
you master monday! You start winning the day! You start winning the week! Then the month! Then the year!  Eric thomas
monday mornings dont have to be so tough. First, breathe and relax. Then go slow and take in some positive vibes from family or friends and your morning will quickly be a lot better.  Unknown
so. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friendsbut maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more positive partnership.  Julio alexi genao
you were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.  Zig ziglar
you've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.  Ralph marston
success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.  Winston churchill
it's monday. Get a new perspective. Whatever obstacle you're facing  it's not permanent.  Unknown
the first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.  Mark caine
monday is for people with a mission.  Cristina imre
good morning! I believe in you on this wonderful monday! Now, take action to make today the way you want instead of getting lost in inaction and negative thinking.  Julie stone
mondays are tough only for those people who don't know how to spend them cheerfully. Get up and have fun today!  Unknown
be conscious of your attitude. Work extra hard at keeping your attitude positive in all kinds of weather, through all the challenges of life.  Catherine pulsifer
you don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.  Martin luther king, jr.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.  Earl nightingale
the key is not to prioritize whats on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.  Stephen covey
youll never find a rainbow if youre looking down.  Charlie chaplin
you build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.  Johnny cash
today's goals: coffee and kindness . Maybe two coffees, and then kindness.  Nanea hoffman
how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.  Anne frank
hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.  Tim notke
life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how i react to it.  Charles swindoll
opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.  Thomas edison
a goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.  Bruce lee
concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.  Alexander graham bell
do you think miners stand around all day talking about how hard it is to mine for coal? They do not. They simply dig.  Cheryl strayed
it's just another manic monday. I wish it was sunday. Cause that's my fun day. I don't have to run day.  Prince rogers nelson
what about monday? That could be our one day we look at things the same way, and wear funny shoes.  Kevin dalton
believe on monday the way you believe on sunday.  Rita schiano
when monday rolls around, have a short plan for the day. Dont spend too much time thinking and because then you're likely to get stuck in overthinking. Execute your plan step by step instead.  Rip miller
the sun himself is weak when he first rises; and gathers strength and courage as the day goes on.  Charles dickens
opportunities dont happen, you create them.  Chris grosser
the challenge of every monday is to maintain the same vitality in each and every day of the week.  Byron pulsifer
i must break the routines and become a person who becomes productive every monday. I must break the mindset of unhappiness and turn myself into a happy magnet for mondays.  Leggy saul
there is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want.  Tim ferriss
whatever this week throws at you, dont panic. Breathe. Think. Come up with a plan to turn things around.  Unknown
the two most powerful warriors are patience and time. ... So remember: great achievements take time, there is no overnight success.  Leo tolstoy
the biggest thrill wasn't in winning on sunday but in meeting the payroll on monday.  Art rooney
if youre offered a seat on a rocket ship, dont ask what seat! Just get on.  Sheryl sandberg
the big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.  Oprah winfrey
knowing trees, i understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, i can appreciate persistence.  Hal borland
everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.  Jules renard
monday, the start of a new week, with brand-new opportunities to enjoy all that life has to offer.  Audrey carlan
monday morning blues? Why not change the color of your monday to yellow and brighten up the coming week?  Kanika saxena
the best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt disney
the most effective way to do it is to do it.  Amelia earhart
learn what you can from those past week disappointments. Then start fresh on this monday.  Unknown
whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.  Napoleon hill
the journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.  Lao tzu
magical monday is an amalgamation of passion, perseverance and performance.  Subhashree jena
how the week ahead will be is up to you. The choices you make. The one you don't make. It all adds up.  Unknown
monday, monday, so good to me; monday morning, it was all i hoped it would be.  John phillips
go for it now. The future is promised to no one.  Wayne dyer
the best way out is always through.  Robert frost
even the best weeks start with monday.  Nice peter
what you do today can improve all your tomorrows.  Ralph marston
nothing will work unless you do.  Maya angelou
make each day your masterpiece. John wooden
the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  Eleanor roosevelt
mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!  David dwek
you cant build a reputation on what you are going to do.  Henry ford
the future depends on what you do today.  Mahatma gandhi
it is never too late to be what you might have been.  George eliot
nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.  Maria robinson